# 3D-Design
Comp Graphic and Visualization
How do I approach designing software?
The approach I took with designing software is to learn the fundamentals. I did some reading on OpenGL and researched example writing. With OpenGL I learned to draw a map of how things should look in 3D space. I took an arial view of the project to get the X and Y coordinate. If an object’s height is a different height, you can slice it down to shape with transfer paper or layers in a drawing program. You can peel back the layers to see what coordinates of each coordinate. The Y coordinate was easier to get set when the other two coordinates were in place.

How do I approach developing programs?
It was a challenge of getting the right texture and light combination to behave the way I imagine it. I found out using an AI tool to help get the numbers in the right direction made it possible for me to achieve the look I wanted. It did get close, but I did have to tweak it to match. Through each milestone it held several challenges. I chose two challenging objects and took a long time to get the code right on how I wanted it to look. I planned to create a new object each week while building on the scene with each week’s objective. Planning it out made it possible to achieve the success of the scene. There was a time I had an issue with the lights not working correctly. I reached out to a few other classmates and they were helpful with giving pointers where things were going wrong. 

How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
Personally, I don’t have a strong passion for computer graphics, but it is always good to learn the skill. I do enjoy coding and learning how OpenGL works was the highlight of every week. It helps improve the object-oriented programming and debugging methods that I have picked up while working on the Computer Science degree.  The future skills that are obtained are problem solving and reaching out to peers for assistance. It is about learning a new skill and not giving up when it seems almost impossible to solve a difficult problem. Puzzles have always been a favorite pastime and I see coding as putting a puzzle together. There are several small part that make up one cohesive program/photo. 
